README.md, before:

# TW5 Ticket Search Server

The server is running at [TiddlyWiki5 Ticket Search][10] - https://tw5.poc2go.com

## Installation
> The server requires [git][3] and [nodejs][4] to be pre-installed on your computer.

Clone the server repository and install it:

```cmd
git clone https://github.com/PotOfCoffee2Go/tw5-tickets.git
cd tw5-tickets
npm install
```

The more difficult part is to build the JSON database of tickets. To do so will need to use or create a [GitHub Personal Access Token][9]. Place the token in a file '.env' in the 'parent' directory of the project (ie: parent of 'tw5-tickets') which contains a line like so:

`TOKEN=YourGithubPersonalAccessToken`

From the 'tw5-tickets' project directory run `npm run get-issues` which will create the ticket database in file 'public/assets/db/github-issues.json'. If is not present a warning will be displayed when the server is launched.

Fire up the server:

```cmd
npm start
```

The TiddlyWiki should show up in your browser at address `http://localhost:8000`.

A common tweak is to change the port which the server 'listens'. This can be changed in `server/config.js` or a quick and dirty way is to pass the 'port' as a parameter when starting the server:

 `npm start -- -p 3030`

Home page would then be at `http://localhost:3030`.

### Kudos
To [Socket.io][13] network, running on [Express][11] and [TiddlyWiki][12] which are the foundations of the site back and front end.

Images provided by [Pixabay][8].

[1]: https://github.com/mykeels/steganography
[2]: https://github.com/rodrigouroz/steganography
[3]: https://git-scm.com/
[4]: https://nodejs.org/
[5]: https:/github.com/repo/issues
[6]: https://ngrok.com/
[7]: https://github.com/mixu/markdown-styles
[8]: https://pixabay.com/
[9]: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token
[10]: https://tw5.poc2go.com
[11]: http://expressjs.com/
[12]: https://tiddlywiki.com/
[13]: https://socket.io/

Commit message:

Upgrade to v0.13.0 - Reorganize directories
Move set of tiddlers from 'app' to 'assets' folder
Move TiddlyWikis from 'public' to 'public/wikis'
Move prod stylesheet and devmode tiddler to 'app' folder

README.md, after:

# TW5 Ticket Search Server

The server is running at [TiddlyWiki5 Ticket Search][10] - https://tw5.poc2go.com

The idea is to provide a [node.js][4] multi-user backend [express][11] server which loads and interfaces to a browser side [TiddlyWiki][12] frontend. Along with standard HTTP request/response protocol, [socket.io][13] is used to provide bi-directional communications between the server and TiddlyWiki. The interface does NOT use the TiddlyWiki built-in server communication functions, thus runs independantly from TiddlyWiki itself.

Basically, the server can respond with static or dynamically generated TiddlyWiki '.tid' files as well as normal HTML files. Although TiddlyWiki is designed to provide a personal note/journal storage system - there are many features which make it a powerful web presentation system - has a domain specific computer language which extends standard HTML. Browser on steroids!

This implementation of the system allows users to query the TiddlyWiki GitHub Issues and Pull-request database.

## Installation
> The server requires [git][3] and [nodejs][4] to be pre-installed on your computer.

Clone the server repository and install it:

```cmd
git clone https://github.com/PotOfCoffee2Go/tw5-tickets.git
cd tw5-tickets
npm install
```

## Database
The somewhat more difficult part is to build the JSON database of TiddlyWiki tickets. To do so will need to use or create a [GitHub Personal Access Token][9]. Place the token in a file '.env' in the 'parent' directory of the project (ie: parent of 'tw5-tickets') which contains a line like so:

`TOKEN=YourGithubPersonalAccessToken`

From the 'tw5-tickets' project directory run `npm run get-issues` which will create the ticket database in file 'public/assets/db/github-issues.json'. If is not present a warning will be displayed when the server is launched.

The database of ticket submitters (GitHub users) can then be created by `npm run submitters` which stores the info in 'public/assets/db/submitter.json'. Now all set to start the server...

## Fire up the server

```cmd
npm start
```

The TiddlyWiki should show up in your browser at address `http://localhost:8000`.

A common tweak is to change the port which the server 'listens'. This can be changed in `server/config.js` or a quick and dirty way is to pass the 'port' as a parameter when starting the server:

 `npm start -- -p 3030`

Home page would then be at `http://localhost:3030`.

### Kudos
To [socket.io][13 ] network, running on [Express][11] and [TiddlyWiki][12] which are the foundations of the site back and front end.

Images on the site is provided by [Pixabay][8].

[1]: https://github.com/mykeels/steganography
[2]: https://github.com/rodrigouroz/steganography
[3]: https://git-scm.com/
[4]: https://nodejs.org/
[5]: https:/github.com/repo/issues
[6]: https://ngrok.com/
[7]: https://github.com/mixu/markdown-styles
[8]: https://pixabay.com/
[9]: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token
[10]: https://tw5.poc2go.com
[11]: http://expressjs.com/
[12]: https://tiddlywiki.com/
[13]: https://socket.io/
